Interval undo redo (#15778)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/lucky-numbers-happen.md

---
"@fluidframework/merge-tree": minor
"@fluidframework/sequence": minor
---

> Interval undo redo functionality with unit tests. It includes all direct interval edits as well as string edits that indirectly affect the intervals. A test farm will be added in a later PR.

Author: ```suggestion
Revertibles for SharedString and Interval provide undo-redo functionality. This includes all direct interval edits as well as string edits that indirectly affect intervals, wrapping merge tree revertibles.
```
